Updating Tokens/Kubeconfigs pages (#1920)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/api/workflows/tokens.md

    <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/api/workflows/tokens"/>
</head>

## Token Resource

> Rancher has an imperative API resource `tokens.ext.cattle.io` that allows for generating tokens for authenticating with Rancher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rancher has an imperative API resource `tokens.ext.cattle.io` that allows you to generate tokens for authenticating with Rancher.
```

Author: Thanks Lucas, updated in this commit https://github.com/rancher/rancher-docs/pull/1920/commits/4ab39c916d93ca04344b16578aea2b65c94eaf6c.
